passkey: add bulk PRF support and simplify the passkey API surface (#909)
breez/spark-sdk: docs/breez-sdk/src/guide/uxguide_passkey.md

### Recommended onboarding flow

The recommended UX differs by platform because web and mobile authenticators expose different error semantics.

**Mobile (iOS 18+, Android 9+):** Single primary CTA ("Use Passkey") backed by {{#name PasskeyClient.connect_with_passkey}}. The SDK runs a silent sign-in attempt first (`preferImmediatelyAvailableCredentials = true`); a returning user gets one biometric prompt, a fresh-device user fast-fails with no UI shown and the SDK transparently falls through to register. Only {{#enum PrfProviderError::CredentialNotFound}} triggers the fall-through. `Cancel`, `Timeout`, and `Configuration` errors propagate unchanged: on a real user cancel (≥ 300ms), show a sticky retry screen and do NOT auto-fall-through to register.

| Path | OS prompts on mobile |
|---|---|
| Returning user (silent sign-in succeeds) | **1** prompt (single dual-salt assertion derives master + label) |
| New user (silent sign-in fast-fails → register) | **2** prompts (1 create + 1 dual-salt assertion) |

The SDK's bulk-PRF path runs the create + label-store + assertion as the two prompts above; a naive sequence would cost three.

> **Web:** Two CTAs ("Sign In" and "Create Account"), letting the user pick the right one. WebAuthn deliberately collapses "no credential found" and "user cancelled" into the same `NotAllowedError` for privacy reasons, so the SDK cannot reliably auto-fall-through on web the way it can on mobile. The unified `connect_with_passkey` is therefore not surfaced on the WASM target: call {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}} and {{#name PasskeyClient.register}} as separate entry points and trust the user to know whether they're returning or new.

Reviewer: Web-scoped paragraph, so the JS spelling is right here.

```suggestion
**Web:** Two CTAs ("Sign In" and "Create Account"), letting the user pick the right one. WebAuthn deliberately collapses "no credential found" and "user cancelled" into the same `NotAllowedError` for privacy reasons, so the SDK cannot reliably auto-fall-through on web the way it can on mobile. The unified `PasskeyClient.connectWithPasskey` is therefore not surfaced on the WASM target: call `PasskeyClient.signIn` and `PasskeyClient.register` as separate entry points and trust the user to know whether they're returning or new.
```

### Adding a new label to an existing identity

For a user who already has a passkey and wants to create another wallet under a new label:

1. {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}} with the new label. This derives master + new-label seeds in one assertion AND seeds the SDK's identity cache.
2. {{#name PasskeyLabels.store}} (via {{#name PasskeyClient.labels}}) to publish the new label to Nostr. This uses the cached identity for free: no additional prompt.

> Total: **1** OS prompt. The reverse order (`labels().store` before `sign_in`) costs 2 prompts because each call would derive the master salt independently.

Reviewer: Should also look at making `labels().store` more language agnostic.
```suggestion
Total: **1** OS prompt. The reverse order (`labels().store` before {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}}) costs 2 prompts because each call would derive the master salt independently.
```

### Credential ID and user-handle management

> `createPasskey()` returns a `PasskeyCredential` carrying:

Reviewer: This whole section is written in web/JS terms in an otherwise cross-platform guide: `createPasskey()` (L34, L43) → `{{#name create_passkey}}`, the field names `credentialId` / `userId` / `aaguid` / `backupEligible` (L36-39, L44) → `{{#name ...}}`, and `excludeCredentials` (L43) → `{{#name exclude_credentials}}`.

4. **Display provider name + sync state in account-management UI.** AAGUID identifies the credential provider (iCloud Keychain, Google Password Manager, 1Password, hardware key, etc.) when looked up against a known-AAGUID database such as [passkeydeveloper/passkey-authenticator-aaguids](https://github.com/passkeydeveloper/passkey-authenticator-aaguids). `backupEligible` indicates whether the credential will sync to the user's other devices. Both AAGUID and BE are unverified attestation: use as display hints only, never for trust decisions.

```typescript
// Web example
const { credentialId, userId, aaguid, backupEligible } = await prfProvider.createPasskey();
// Store for later use
localStorage.setItem('passkeyCredentialId', btoa(String.fromCharCode(...credentialId)));
localStorage.setItem('passkeyUserId', btoa(String.fromCharCode(...userId)));

// On next registration attempt, exclude existing credentials
const existingId = localStorage.getItem('passkeyCredentialId');
const exclude = existingId
  ? [Uint8Array.from(atob(existingId), c => c.charCodeAt(0))]
  : [];
const newCredential = await prfProvider.createPasskey({ excludeCredentials: exclude });
```

### Recovery paths

> The canonical branch point is `error.kind()`: it collapses the nine `PrfProviderError` variants into seven actionable [`ErrorKind`](https://breez.github.io/spark-sdk/breez_sdk_spark/passkey/enum.ErrorKind.html) values. Match on `ErrorKind` instead of the individual variants:

Reviewer: Same Rust-only issue as the passkey.md recovery table: `error.kind()` / `ErrorKind` (here and at L77, L86) aren't available off Rust, so reframe around `{{#enum PrfProviderError::...}}` variants. `UserCancelled` (L69) → `{{#enum PrfProviderError::UserCancelled}}`.
